Space time claustrophobia
It's a beautiful day, I'm walking barefoot in green field, it's strange though,
the grass is the same length everywhere, there are no clouds no birds, no sound.
There are barriers on each side, simple wooden ones.
The trees look too simple to be real, there are so few.
For a few minutes, I happily walk on the green path looking around,
it feels like a repeating loop, everything is always the same.
I notice a flower, stops and get on my knees to look at it.
Its pretty and most importantly, it's the only one. I pick it up.
But the moment it breaks from the ground, I cant move,
everything is frozen, except I'm aware of everything.
Then everything back tracks. Still with the flower in hand,
I can see myself walking back slowly like a video rewinding,
then back up fast to the flower. Im terrified. I cant move out of the cycle,
all I can do is watch myself go back and then forward, sometimes even after
I've picked up the flower. The nightmare goes on, fast fast,
slow and then fast again. It's like someone playing with the stream of a video,
watching it again and again at high speed before backtracking and going back
seemingly at random. I desperately try to move my legs to run,
I try to open my mouth to scream, but my body is not listening,
almost as if it's not mine. My eyes though, my eyes are still mine,
looking more and more terrified as it goes on. I can't close them.
I can just look in front and at myself.
Then, i notice I'm not going back anymore, just forward, fast,
like a video put on double speed, I'm still walking, but, fast,
terribly terribly fast. Then the barrier at my sides stops, or rather,
it opens on the field. And there is a gigantic organic shape.
The skin looks human, but there is some kind of transparent goo covering it.
I can't make out where the head or arms or anything is,
it's shape is too random. The only thing I can feel is terror.
I know it's aware of my presence, and although there are no eyes.
I know it's looking at me. I can now move but I'm scared,
running back means going back to the stuck loop, and there is nothing forward,
just... That. The terror keeps on building up, until suddenly,
everything is black. I'm awake, but my eyes I closed.
Shut tight by the dried tears of the night.
That was usually when I could call my mom in a shaken voice. 